Update docs for newer devices and DeviceConfig (#614)
python-kasa/python-kasa: docs/source/smartdevice.rst

    if __name__ == "__main__":
        asyncio.run(main())

> If you are connecting to a newer KASA or TAPO device you can get the device via discovery or connect directly with DeviceConfig:

Reviewer: `DeviceConfig` should be a reference (to make it clickable).

Author: Done

.. code-block:: python

    import asyncio
    from kasa import Discover, Credentials

    async def main():
        device = await Discover.discover_single(
            "127.0.0.1",
            credentials=Credentials("myusername", "mypassword"),
            discovery_timeout=10
        )

        config = device.config # DeviceConfig.to_dict() can be used to store for later

        # To connect directly later without discovery

>         later_device = await SmartDevice.Connect(config=config)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        later_device = await SmartDevice.connect(config=config)
```
I think we should probably "externalize" these examples into regular `.py` files to allow testing them, as I'm worried about documentation rot over time. This can be done in a separate PR at some later point though, so just make sure the example script is working for now.

Author: Done

:class:`SmartPlug`, :class:`SmartBulb`, :class:`SmartStrip`,
:class:`SmartDimmer`, :class:`SmartLightStrip`.

DeviceConfig class
******************

The :class:`DeviceConfig` class can be used to initialise devices with parameters to allow them to be connected to without using

> discovery.  This is required for newer KASA and TAPO devices that use different protocols for communication and will not respond

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discovery.
This is required for newer KASA and TAPO devices that use different protocols for communication and will not respond
```
Please start each sentence from a new line, this will make diffs smaller and easier to read if a single typo or something similar gets fixed.

Author: Done

:class:`SmartPlug`, :class:`SmartBulb`, :class:`SmartStrip`,
:class:`SmartDimmer`, :class:`SmartLightStrip`.

DeviceConfig class
******************

The :class:`DeviceConfig` class can be used to initialise devices with parameters to allow them to be connected to without using
discovery.
This is required for newer KASA and TAPO devices that use different protocols for communication and will not respond
on port 9999 but instead use different encryption protocols over http port 80.
Currently there are three known types of encryption for TP-Link devices and two different protocols.

> Devices with automatic firmware updates enabled will randomly update to newer versions of the encryption
> hence why discovery can be helpful to determine the correct config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Devices with automatic firmware updates enabled may update to newer versions of the encryption without separate notice, so discovery can be helpful to determine the correct config.
```

Author: Done

.. autoclass:: SmartDevice
    :members:
    :undoc-members:

> .. autoclass:: kasa.DeviceConfig

Reviewer: Did you try what happens if you use just `DeviceConfig` without kasa here? I'm wondering if that's the cause why we are not seeing the class variable documentation.

Author: I see the class variable documentation in my generated html locally. Where are you looking that you don't see it?

Reviewer: I'm looking at the readthedocs generated docs (by clicking the details link in the github action): https://python-kasa--614.org.readthedocs.build/en/614/smartdevice.html#kasa.DeviceConfig

Author: This is what I see when I visit https://python-kasa--614.org.readthedocs.build/en/614/smartdevice.html#kasa.DeviceConfig

![DeviceConfig](https://github.com/python-kasa/python-kasa/assets/51370195/8530d651-8de0-4cf3-82dc-21cfab49f9d4)

Reviewer: Ohh, indeed... My mistake, sorry!
